istanbul rules (#558)
jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest: docs/rules/prefer-istanbul-ignore-reason.md

> # Disallow disabling coverage for whole files (no-istanbul-ignore-file)

Reviewer: Wrong heading here.

This rule raises a warning about "istanbul ignore" comments missing a reason why
code is ignored.

## Rule Details

> The rule finds all comments including patter `istanbul ignore <word>` and raises

Reviewer 2: This doesn't read right to me - I assume it's meant to be:

```suggestion
The rule finds all comments matching the pattern `istanbul ignore <word>` and raises
```

(`including` wasn't part of the typo, but I feel `matching` sounds more organic in this sentence)

raises a warning if it is missing a reason afterwards.

The following patterns are considered warnings:

```js
/* istanbul ignore file */

> // istanbul ignore file

Reviewer: Should list ignore next/if/else here as well.

I would expect that this rule not block `istanbul ignore file: vendored from https://github.com/blah/blah` but `no-istanbul-ignore-file` would block that?
